[{"id": 1, "Name": "DotA 2", "Description": "Dota 2 is a free-to-play multiplayer online battle arena (MOBA) video game developed and published by Valve Corporation. The game is the stand-alone sequel to Defense of the Ancients (DotA), which was a community-created mod for Blizzard Entertainment's Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos and its expansion pack, The Frozen Throne. Dota 2 is played in matches between two teams of five players, with each team occupying and defending their own separate base on the map. Each of the ten players independently controls a powerful character, known as a 'hero', who all have unique abilities and differing styles of play. During a match, players collect experience points and items for their heroes to successfully battle the opposing team's heroes in player versus player combat. A team wins by being the first to destroy a large structure located in the opposing team's base, called 'The Ancient'.", "Picture": "images/DotA 2.jpg", "Favorite": false}, {"id": 2, "Name": "CS:GO", "Description": "Counter-Strike: Global Offensive (CS:GO) is a multiplayer first-person shooter video game developed by Hidden Path Entertainment and Valve Corporation. It is the fourth game in the Counter-Strike series and was released for Microsoft Windows, OS X, Xbox 360, and PlayStation 3 in August 2012, with the Linux version released in September 2014. The game pits two teams against each other: the Terrorists and the Counter-Terrorists. Both sides are tasked with eliminating the other while also completing separate objectives, the Terrorists, depending on the game mode, must either plant the bomb or defend the hostages, while the Counter-Terrorists must either prevent the bomb from being planted, defuse the bomb, or rescue the hostages. There are eight game modes, all of which have distinct characteristics specific to that mode.", "Picture": "images/CS GO.jpg", "Favorite": false}, {"id": 3, "Name": "World of Warcraft", "Description": "World of Warcraft (WoW) is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) released in 2004 by Blizzard Entertainment. It is the fourth released game set in the Warcraft fantasy universe. World of Warcraft takes place within the Warcraft world of Azeroth, approximately four years after the events at the conclusion of Blizzard's previous Warcraft release, Warcraft III: The Frozen Throne. Blizzard Entertainment announced World of Warcraft on September 2, 2001. The game was released on November 23, 2004, on the 10th anniversary of the Warcraft franchise.", "Picture": "images/WoW.jpg", "Favorite": false}, {"id": 4, "Name": "Hearthstone", "Description": "Hearthstone, originally Hearthstone: Heroes of Warcraft, is a free-to-play online collectible card video game developed and published by Blizzard Entertainment. Having been released worldwide on March 11, 2014, Hearthstone builds upon the already existing lore of the Warcraft series by using the same elements, characters, and relics. It was first released for Microsoft Windows and macOS, with support for iOS and Android devices being added later. The game features cross-platform play, allowing players on any supported device to compete with each other, restricted only by geographical region account limits.", "Picture": "images/Hearthstone.jpg", "Favorite": false}, {"id": 5, "Name": "Portal", "Description": "Portal is a puzzle-platform video game developed and published by Valve Corporation. It was released in a bundle package called The Orange Box for Microsoft Windows, Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 in 2007. The game has since been ported to other systems, including OS X, Linux, and Android. Portal consists primarily of a series of puzzles that must be solved by teleporting the player's character and simple objects using 'the Aperture Science Handheld Portal Device', a device that can create inter-spatial portals between two flat planes. The player-character, Chell, is challenged and taunted by an artificial intelligence named GLaDOS (Genetic Lifeform and Disk Operating System) to complete each puzzle in the Aperture Science Enrichment Center using the portal gun with the promise of receiving cake when all the puzzles are completed. The game's unique physics allows kinetic energy to be retained through portals, requiring creative use of portals to maneuver through the test chambers. This gameplay element is based on a similar concept from the game Narbacular Drop; many of the team members from the DigiPen Institute of Technology who worked on Narbacular Drop were hired by Valve for the creation of Portal, making it a spiritual successor to the game.", "Picture": "images/Portal.jpg", "Favorite": true}, {"id": 6, "Name": "Portal 2", "Description": "Portal 2 is a first-person puzzle-platform video game developed and published by Valve Corporation. It is the sequel to Portal (2007) and was released on April 19, 2011 for Microsoft Windows, OS X, Linux, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360. The retail versions of the game were published by Electronic Arts, while online distribution of the PC versions is handled by Valve's content delivery service Steam. Portal 2 was announced in March 2010, following a week-long alternate reality game based on new patches to the original game. Before the game's release on Steam, the company released the Potato Sack, a second multi-week alternate reality game, involving 13 independently developed titles which culminated in a distributed computing spoof to release Portal 2 several hours early.", "Picture": "images/Portal 2.jpg", "Favorite": false}, {"id": 7, "Name": "Warcraft: Orcs & Humans", "Description": "Warcraft: Orcs & Humans is a real-time strategy game (RTS), developed by Blizzard Entertainment and published by Blizzard and Interplay Productions. The MS-DOS version was released on 23 November 1994 and the Macintosh version in early 1996. Although Warcraft: Orcs & Humans was not the first RTS title to offer multiplayer games, Blizzard's game persuaded a wider audience that multiplayer facilities were essential for future RTS titles. The game introduced innovations in mission design and gameplay elements, which were adopted by other RTS developers.", "Picture": "images/Warcraft.jpg", "Favorite": false}, {"id": 8, "Name": "Warcraft II: Tides of Darkness", "Description": "Warcraft II: Tides of Darkness is a fantasy-themed real-time strategy (RTS) game published by Blizzard Entertainment and released for DOS in 1995 and for Mac OS in 1996. It was met with positive reviews and won most of the major PC gaming awards in 1996. It sold over 2 million copies. In 1996, Blizzard released an expansion pack Warcraft II: Beyond the Dark Portal for DOS and Mac OS, and a compilation Warcraft II: The Dark Saga for the PlayStation and Sega Saturn. The Battle.net Edition, released in 1999, provided Blizzard's online gaming service, Battle.net, and replaced the MS-DOS version with a Windows one.Players collect resources, and produce buildings and units in order to defeat an opponent in combat. Players gain access to more advanced units upon construction of tech buildings and research. The majority of the main screen shows the part of the territory on which the player is currently operating, and the minimap can select another location to appear in the larger display. The fog of war completely hides all territory which the player has not explored. Terrain is always visible once revealed, but enemy units remain visible only so long as they stay within a friendly unit's visual radius.", "Picture": "images/Warcraft II.jpg", "Favorite": false}, {"id": 9, "Name": "Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos", "Description": "Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is a high fantasy real-time strategy video game developed and published by Blizzard Entertainment, and was released in July 2002. It is the second sequel to Warcraft: Orcs & Humans, and it is the third game set in the Warcraft fictional universe. An expansion pack, The Frozen Throne, was released in July 2003. Warcraft III contains four playable races: Humans and Orcs, both of which had previously appeared in Warcraft: Orcs & Humans and Warcraft II: Tides of Darkness, and two new races, the Night Elves and the Undead. Warcraft III's single-player campaign is laid out similarly to that of StarCraft, also by Blizzard Entertainment, being told through all four of the game's races in a progressive manner. Multiplayer mode allows for play against other players, via the Internet, instead of playing against computer-controlled characters as is done in the single-player custom game mode. The game shipped 4.5 million units to retail stores and over one million units sold within a month. Warcraft III won many awards including 'Game of the Year' from more than six different publications.", "Picture": "images/Warcraft III.jpg", "Favorite": false}, {"id": 10, "Name": "Burnout Paradise", "Description": "Burnout Paradise is an open world racing video game developed by Criterion Games and published by Electronic Arts for PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and Microsoft Windows. It was also released on the PlayStation Store and via Xbox Live Marketplace's Games on Demand. It was later added to the libraries of Greatest Hits and Platinum Hits titles and was made backward compatible with the Xbox One in November 2016. It is the first game in the Burnout series to be released on Microsoft Windows. Paradise's gameplay is set in the fictional 'Paradise City', an open world in which players can compete in several types of races. Players can also compete online, which includes additional game modes, such as 'Cops and Robbers'. Several free game updates introduce new features such as a time-of-day cycle and motorcycles. The game also features paid downloadable content in the form of new cars and the fictional 'Big Surf Island'.", "Picture": "images/Burnout.jpg", "Favorite": false}, {"id": 11, "Name": "Terraria", "Description": "Terraria is a 2D action-adventure sandbox video game developed by Re-Logic. The game was initially released for Microsoft Windows in May 2011, and has since been released for various other platforms and devices. Gameplay of Terraria features exploration, crafting, building, and combat with a variety of creatures in a procedurally generated 2D world. Terraria is a sandbox 2D game with gameplay that revolves around exploration, building, and combat. The game has a 2D sprite tile-based graphical style reminiscent of the 16-bit sprites found on the Super NES.", "Picture": "images/Terraria.jpg", "Favorite": false}, {"id": 12, "Name": "The Witcher", "Description": "The Witcher (Polish: Wied\u0415\u0454min [\u041b\u20acv\u041a\u0406j\u0419\u203a\u041c\u2021\u041a\u0490\u041c\u2018m\u041a\u0406\u0414\u00a9n])) is an action role-playing game developed by CD Projekt Red and published by Atari, based on the novel series of The Witcher by Polish author Andrzej Sapkowski. The story takes place in a medieval fantasy world and follows Geralt of Rivia, one of a few traveling monster hunters who have supernatural powers, known as Witchers. The game's system of moral choices as part of the storyline was noted for its time-delayed consequences and lack of black-and-white morality. The game utilizes BioWare's proprietary Aurora Engine. A console version was to be released in late 2009 using an entirely new engine and combat system and entitled The Witcher: Rise of the White Wolf; it was suspended, however, due to payment problems with console developers Widescreen Games.", "Picture": "images/Witcher.jpg", "Favorite": false}, {"id": 13, "Name": "The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings", "Description": "The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings (Polish: Wied\u0420\u2022\u0421\u201dmin 2: Zab\u0420\u201c\u0421\u2013jcy kr\u0420\u201c\u0421\u2013l\u0420\u201c\u0421\u2013w) is an action role-playing hack and slash video game developed by CD Projekt Red for Microsoft Windows, Xbox 360, OS X, and Linux. The game was released for Microsoft Windows in May 2011, for Xbox 360 and OS X in 2012, and for Linux in 2014. It is a sequel to the 2007 video game The Witcher. Like its predecessor, the game is based on The Witcher series of fantasy novels by Polish author Andrzej Sapkowski. The player directs the actions of Geralt of Rivia, a monster hunter known as a Witcher. The fantasy world in which his adventures take place owes much to Polish history and Slavic mythology. The game was both a critical and commercial success, selling more than nearly two million copies by May 2012.", "Picture": "images/Witcher 2.jpg", "Favorite": false}, {"id": 14, "Name": "The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt", "Description": "The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt[a] is a 2015 action role-playing video game developed and published by CD Projekt. Based on The Witcher series of fantasy novels by Polish author Andrzej Sapkowski, it is the sequel to the 2011 game The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings. Played in an open world with a third-person perspective, players control protagonist Geralt of Rivia, a monster hunter known as a Witcher, who is looking for his missing adopted daughter on the run from the Wild Hunt: an otherworldly force determined to capture and use her powers. Players battle the game's many dangers with weapons and magic, interact with non-player characters, and complete main-story and side quests to acquire experience points and gold, which are used to increase Geralt's abilities and purchase equipment. Its central story has several endings, determined by the player's choices at certain points in the game. Development began in 2011 and lasted for three-and-a-half years, of which over two-and-a-half years were devoted to voice recording. The writing was infused with real-life aspects like moral ambiguity in a deliberate attempt to avoid simplification, impart authenticity, and reflect Sapkowski's novels. Europe was the basis of the game's open world, with Poland, Amsterdam, and Scandinavia as its primary inspirations. REDengine 3 enabled the developer to create a complex story without compromising the game world, whose size was enlarged by PlayStation 4 and Xbox One technology. The music was primarily composed by Marcin Przyby\u0420\u00a0\u0432\u0402\u045e\u0420\u0406\u0420\u201a\u0421\u2122owicz and performed in Germany by the Brandenburg State Orchestra.", "Picture": "images/Witcher 3.jpg", "Favorite": false}, {"id": 15, "Name": "Plague Inc.", "Description": "Plague Inc. is a real-time strategy simulation video game, developed and published by UK-based independent games studio Ndemic Creations. The player creates and evolves a pathogen in an effort to destroy the world with a deadly plague. The game uses an epidemic model with a complex and realistic set of variables to simulate the spread and severity of the plague. Plague Inc. is a strategy-simulation game in which the player indirectly controls a plague which has infected patient zero. The player can choose between various game-modes and pathogens and complete the objective set by the game-mode by evolving the plague and adapting to various environments. The objectives include, but are not limited to: Infecting and killing the world's population with a pathogen, enslaving the world's population with the 'Neurax Worm' or converting the world's population into zombies with the 'Necroa Virus'. However, there is a time pressure to complete the game before humans, the opponent, develop a cure for the plague.", "Picture": "images/Plague.png", "Favorite": false}, {"id": 16, "Name": "Orcs Must Die!", "Description": "Orcs Must Die! is an action-tower defense video game developed by Robot Entertainment. It is a tower defense game that eschews the traditional top-down view of similar games, instead using a third-person action-oriented viewpoint. After being demonstrated at Penny Arcade Expo East 2011, the game was released via Xbox Live Arcade on October 5, 2011, and for Windows PCs on October 12, 2011. Orcs Must Die! is a variant of a tower defense game; the player as the War Mage must defend one or more Rifts on each level from an onslaught of orcs and other creatures that emerge from one or more entrances and traverse the level. Generally, each orc that reaches a Rift deducts a point from the starting Rift Score while specialized orcs may take off more points; if the Rift Score drops to zero, the level is lost and the player will have to start again. The orc armies arrive in increasingly more difficult waves, with each level having between four and twelve waves. In general, waves will begin a few seconds after the player defeats the prior one, but roughly every three waves on all bar Nightmare difficulty, the player is given a break where they can set up traps and initiate the next wave when they are ready.", "Picture": "images/OMD.jpg", "Favorite": false}]